I have gone nowhere a message received
by Seema due on April 25th 2011 may
Bhagwan be with you always
he already has it will always be baba
has left a wealth of truth that no
avatar has left behind while we are
focused on our worldly duties which
never end to our last breath we must
keep him as our background as our
forefront as our roof of protection and
as our vision as long as the hardest
pure and there is no selfishness the way
ahead will be clear we have trouble
making decisions only because the thread
between the mind and the heart becomes
weak and pulls us to do things that may
be convenient the test lies when one is
able to break this invitation of ease
and be led instead by that which is true
which is right which is soulful in which
he myths the love that baba taught us to
live with
I saw him in the morning today in the
children's room he was sitting on the
chair as though it was a completely
normal day I asked him why do I feel so
much pain in my heart even though I see
you he smiled and replied even I get
attached to the body of my own self
wherever there is bhakti initiative and
subbulu devotion faith and patience as
much as you are attached to me I am
attached to you even though I can watch
over you without showing myself to you I
show myself to you
sometimes in thought sometimes in a
dream sometimes in a vision sometimes by
word and sometimes as you see me I show
all that to you only because I too enjoy
your devotion toward me my heart too
leaps would you fill with joy I to cry
when you cry and when you smile I fill
myself with you
I believe in you more than you ever can
know I have wept for several years I
have known that you place yourselves in
me and even when your mind sways you
come running to me asking me to save you
from yourself I always have and I always
will remember that in every moment of
your life I am one step ahead if you
fully realize that and utilize it its
strength you will reach your goal and my
will shall shine and give you the joy
that you had walked with faith and
devotion and completed my task
you must believe in yourself just like
you have believed in me you must love
the purity in yourself just like you
have loved my purity you must know that
nothing wrong can ever happen where am i
gone where can I ever go
I am stationed in you as much as you are
stationed in me that is what I will when
existence began and my bond with you
shall remain until the very end and
beginning of all times you are mine and
you must never forget that and I am
always yours even when you forget that I
remember that I belong to you and
celebrate our oneness as much as you
come toward me without a question as
much as you lean toward my purity and
make it yours as much as you confirm and
affirm my presence in you as much as you
can do that that much you shall see that
all of the universe is my form my body
my will and everything that comes in
this orbit is placed by my will and my
love for you
you are undergoing the pain for your
mind has begun to believe in my end of
this body it is making you weep it is
making you desperate it is making you
plunge and despair but always remember
that your heart will not keep quiet for
long the words of truth that I have
placed within you and all of the
universe shall translate from the cosmos
and every being of you shall radiate its
strength carrying back the mind of the
supreme task whose trails of crumbs I
have left behind in every corner of the
world I have gone nowhere know that to
be the absolute truth I am there where
you are and if you have forgotten
yourself then you shall see me not even
though I am watchful of every moment now
and forever remain in joy capture the
Bliss of myself that I have gifted to
you and graced you with tears are the
instruments of the weak for mine that is
not your walking stick neither is it the
glasses that you shall see with
everything belongs to me and I belong to
everyone
the devoted hearts with the pure mind
and a loving heart ciao call me from
time to time they along with the
strength of your purity shall make me
once again visible to the world and I
will come once again with my hands full
you must believe in my word for whatever
I say never goes to waste
whatever I say becomes truth always
remember me know that I am before you
free yourself from emotion and await my
return